Supporter Program Update (#625)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: proposals/stage-1/SUPPORTER_PROGRAM/SUPPORTER_PROGRAM.md

## The People's Community of JavaScriptlandia 

> JavaScriptLandia is a place where all JavaScript developers, whether if you're all about TypeScript, a React evangelist, or you stick to Node.js gather to declare their support for the JavaScript ecosystem and OpenJS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScriptLandia is a place where all JavaScript developers, whether if you're all about TypeScript, a React evangelist, or you stick to Node.js, gather to declare their support for the JavaScript ecosystem and OpenJS. 
```

> It's an Individual Membership Program whose goals are to help bring awareness about OpenJS projects to possible contributors. A way for individuals to show support and be a part of the OpenJS foundation, as well as providing an opportunity for community with the other members. 

Reviewer 2: > ... be a part of the OpenJS foundation

Foundation should be capitalized when referring to the organization. This is also repeated a few times through this doc.

> It's an Individual Membership Program whose goals are to help bring awareness about OpenJS projects to possible contributors. A way for individuals to show support and be a part of the OpenJS foundation, as well as providing an opportunity for community with the other members. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's an Individual Supporter Program whose goals are to help bring awareness about OpenJS projects to possible contributors. A way for individuals to show support and be a part of the OpenJS Foundation, as well as providing an opportunity for community with the other members. 
```

> While one goal of this group is introducing members to projects and helping the projects find the support they need; the membership program will also be an opportunity to welcome an inclusive group of coders from around the world that love the projects that are part of the OpenJS foundation. This also brings in new perspectives and feedback from the vast community of JavaScript developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While one goal of this group is introducing supporters to projects and helping the projects find the support they need; the supporter program will also be an opportunity to welcome an inclusive group of coders from around the world that love the projects that are part of the OpenJS Foundation. This also brings in new perspectives and feedback from the vast community of JavaScript developers.
```

> While one goal of this group is introducing members to projects and helping the projects find the support they need; the membership program will also be an opportunity to welcome an inclusive group of coders from around the world that love the projects that are part of the OpenJS foundation. This also brings in new perspectives and feedback from the vast community of JavaScript developers.

Reviewer: > find the support they need

This seems a bit vague, it could be financial, technical, other. Might be good to be a bit more specific on this... but this is in no way a blocking comment

Author: Yup, I'm going to say "support via new core committers" unless we also think it will net in financial support?

Reviewer: sgtm

We also want to grow awareness of OpenJS, our projects, and how to get involved. 

> Additionally, Individual membership should help people understand that their projects too can get support from the foundation, and the OpenJS foundation is their foundation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, being an Individual supporter should help people understand that their projects can also get support from the foundation, and that the OpenJS Foundation is their Foundation. 
```

> A tertiary goal is to establish a pool from which an ambassador program can be started. Recognizing people that evangelize and recruit for OpenJS projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tertiary goal is to establish a pool from which an ambassador program can be started. Recognizing people that advocate and recruit for OpenJS projects. 
```

s/evangelize/advocate

I just prefer the word but NBD feel free to ignore this one

> ## Membership Benefits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sponsorship Benefits
```

> Citizens of JavaScriptlandia will receive a members weekly newsletter keeping them up to date on the last from OpenJS projects, the CPC, and the board. They will be invited to participate in discussions about governance and new initiatives. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Citizens of JavaScriptlandia will receive a sponsors' weekly newsletter keeping them up to date on the last from OpenJS projects, the CPC, and the board. They will be invited to participate in discussions about governance and new initiatives. 
```

> Citizens of JavaScriptlandia will receive a members weekly newsletter keeping them up to date on the last from OpenJS projects, the CPC, and the board. They will be invited to participate in discussions about governance and new initiatives. 

Reviewer 2: > members weekly newsletter

members'

Reviewer: turned this into a suggestion for you Kris :P

> They will be featured on our global membership page, and will be given a digital passport that they can put on an avatar, their blog, and/or personal website. Their passport will feature the libaries that they use the most, and the ones that are the biggest fans of. 

Reviewer 2: > and the ones that are the

and the ones that they are the

> There will be a repository for members, and they will be able to display their badge proudly on their Github profile. Members can incubate projects in that repository (this should have discussion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There will be a repository for sponsors, and they will be able to display their badge proudly on their Github profile. Sponsors can incubate projects in that repository (this should have discussion).
```

Reviewer: Might be good to include "pending governance around the process"?

Additionally, they will receive discounts for training, certification, conferences, and potentially exclusive offers from member organizations. 

> Lastly, members will have access to the member store where they can purchase OpenJS member swag to show their support for our projects. Revenue from swag will go towards furthering the reach of the foundation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, supporters will have access to the supporter store where they can purchase OpenJS supporter swag to show their support for our projects. Revenue from swag will go towards furthering the reach of the foundation.

> ## Membership Cost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supporter Cost
```

> Membership is charged at $25/year. Membership is renewed 1 year from the date of your membership. Members can cancel at any time and not be charged for the next year. 

Reviewer 2: There should be discussion about the automatic renewal with the staff that will be maintaining memberships and payments. In the past when running the individual membership program for the jQuery Foundation, there was a lot of time spent dealing with refund requests when folks forget to cancel, expired/invalid cards that can't renew, etc. I think they would want to weigh auto-renewal against perhaps automated reminders to manually renew and how each will impact staff toil as well as member retention.

I'm not saying auto-renewal is the wrong way to go, I just want to make sure those that will be handling the process are looped in so we make a good decision.

Author: This is a good note, thank you. There are pros and cons to each. I'll add this to the list of things to discuss.

> Membership is charged at $25/year. Membership is renewed 1 year from the date of your membership. Supporters can cancel at any time and not be charged for the next year. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenJS supporters are charged $25/year. Supporter status is renewed 1 year from the date of your initial support. Supporters can cancel at any time and not be charged for the next year.
